articles/0016-Anomaly Detection in Dynamic Graphs A Comprehensive Survey/Analyze related works.md, before:

# Anlayze related works


In this document I want to analyze all the related in the survey to extract ideas to make my own improvement

In the following list numbers are reference numbers in article number 


## 110 - Evokg: Jointly modeling event time and network structure for reasoning over temporal knowledge graphs

### Full reference

Namyong Park, Fuchen Liu, Purvanshi Mehta, Dana Cristofor, Chris-
tos Faloutsos, and Yuxiao Dong. 2022. Evokg: Jointly modeling event
time and network structure for reasoning over temporal knowledge
graphs. In Proceedings of the fifteenth ACM international conference
on web search and data mining. 794–803.

[Download link](https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.07648)

In this repo reference number 17


### Summary & relations with my work
In the read me file of the repo all the usefull details will be added

[README file reference](../0017-EvoKG%20Jointly%20Modeling%20Event%20Time%20and%20Network%20Structure%20for%20Reasoning%20over%20Temporal%20Knowledge%20Graphs/README.md)


## 100 - . Fast memory-efficient anomaly detection in streaming heterogeneous graphs

This article is referenced as 18 in this repo

## 33 - 
## 32 -
## 163 - 
## 89 - 
## 56 - 
## 117 -
## 128 -
## 10 - 
## 12 - 
## 23 - 
## 13 -

Commit message:

Add article and some description about it

articles/0016-Anomaly Detection in Dynamic Graphs A Comprehensive Survey/Analyze related works.md, after:

# Anlayze related works


In this document I want to analyze all the related in the survey to extract ideas to make my own improvement

In the following list numbers are reference numbers in article number 


## 110 - Evokg: Jointly modeling event time and network structure for reasoning over temporal knowledge graphs

### Full reference

Namyong Park, Fuchen Liu, Purvanshi Mehta, Dana Cristofor, Chris-
tos Faloutsos, and Yuxiao Dong. 2022. Evokg: Jointly modeling event
time and network structure for reasoning over temporal knowledge
graphs. In Proceedings of the fifteenth ACM international conference
on web search and data mining. 794–803.

[Download link](https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.07648)

In this repo reference number 17


### Summary & relations with my work
In the read me file of the repo all the usefull details will be added

[README file reference](../0017-EvoKG%20Jointly%20Modeling%20Event%20Time%20and%20Network%20Structure%20for%20Reasoning%20over%20Temporal%20Knowledge%20Graphs/README.md)


## 100 - . Fast memory-efficient anomaly detection in streaming heterogeneous graphs

This article is referenced as 18 in this repo

This paper is good to deep dive and extract some ideas 

* good signal to start

## 33 - Dhivya Eswaran, Christos Faloutsos, Sudipto Guha, and Nina Mishra. 2018. Spotlight: Detecting anomalies in streaming graphs. In Proceed- ings of the 24th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining. 1378–1386. 

[Download link](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3219819.3220040)

This article is referenced as 19 in this repo



## 32 -
## 163 - 
## 89 - 
## 56 - 
## 117 -
## 128 -
## 10 - 
## 12 - 
## 23 - 
## 13 -
